CHUNKING RULES for BMJ Best Practise
See https://bestpractice.bmj.com/topics/en-gb/3000117 for example (free to access).

1.  Each menu page has one or more <div class="card-block">. These contain the useful information.
    Note that some of the pages have additional information besides merely code-block i.e class="card-block poce-keypoints".
    So I suggest using regex to find these tags -> re.compile("card-block")
2.  Once inside the card-block, there is EXACTLY 1 of the following 4 styles:

        1.  The easiest one is just one <section> tag with paragraphs and subheadings. This is most frequently used.
            Chunks can be easily split on <h3> tags for example or bolded text -> up for discussion. (Click on Monitoring)
        2.  There can also be toggled elements inside code-block. If there is only one one toggle level without subtoggles,
            then information inside resides within two div tags. The first is class="row rowCondition", which contains the title the data-target attribute,
            which corresponds to the other div tag with class="row rowDetails" which contains the text. The problem is that the context of the toggle appearing next to other toggles
            may be very important. If you look at Differentials, each individual toggle represents a disease, which means if we only select one subtoggle, there is almost no way
            the model will understand this as Differentials.
        3.  Now we come to the hard ones. Pages which have strict hieararchical subtoggles. Treatment algorithm might be the best example. After inspecting
            the structure of the data, there is no way we should leave any of the parent toggle titles out. For example information about first line-treatment
            for hypovolemia and hyperkalemia is critical to the understanding of the whole paragraph inside and should absolutely not be left out! Tags are organized into sections.
            Each section has an id="panel-group" or panel-content and they usually have --level1 or --level2 beside. So they neatly explain which level we are at.
        4.  Tables! <table>, <tbody> and so on. A bit different but the same goes as for single indented toggles. Context may be important, but not necessarily.

3.  Accounting for the 4 styles we come to the partially prepared information which should either be divided or not.
    I propose splitting on either h3 tags or bolded text, as it may indicate something different.